README.rst, before:

============
Spider Board
============

Description
-----------

A blackboard scraper similar to the scraper created by `Jason Giancono
<https://github.com/jasongi/blackboard_scraper>`_ but refactored to work with
Python 3 and make it easier to install/use.

For the moment this application is only available as a command line tool.
I'll start working on a GUI when I get the time.

Installation
------------

.. note::
    To run this application you will need python 3.x (preferably 3.5 or better)
    
To install this application, you need to clone the repository::

    git clone https://github.com/Michael-F-Bryan/spider_board.git

Then run the setup script (may need admin privileges)::
    
    python3 setup.py install

Then finally run the application::

    python3 scripts/scraper.py [your_student_number] [your_password]

Help!!
------

If you want to see what options are available then use the "-h" switch on the
scraper.py script::

    python3 scripts/scraper.py -h

If you find any bugs or want to request a particular feature then `create a 
new issue <https://github.com/Michael-F-Bryan/spider_board/issues/new>`_.

Commit message:

Turned the scripts/scraper.py into an actual entry point

README.rst, after:

============
Spider Board
============

Description
-----------

A blackboard scraper similar to the scraper created by `Jason Giancono
<https://github.com/jasongi/blackboard_scraper>`_ but refactored to work with
Python 3 and make it easier to install/use.

For the moment this application is only available as a command line tool.
I'll start working on a GUI when I get the time.

Installation
------------

.. note::
    To run this application you will need python 3.x (preferably 3.5 or better)
    
To install this application, you need to clone the repository::

    git clone https://github.com/Michael-F-Bryan/spider_board.git

Then run the setup script (may need admin privileges)::
    
    python3 setup.py install

Then finally run the application::

    spider_board [your_student_number] [your_password]

Help!!
------

If you want to see what options are available then use the "-h" switch on the
scraper.py script::

    spider_board -h

If you find any bugs or want to request a particular feature then `create a 
new issue <https://github.com/Michael-F-Bryan/spider_board/issues/new>`_.

To Do
-----
* Create a GUI using tkinter
* Allow you to download iLectures
